DG: Add future user stories (#276)
AY2324S1-CS2103T-F11-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

| `* *` | power user    | redo a command                                 | I can correct any wrong undo commands that I have entered previously                |

Future User Stories to be implemented:

| Priority | As a …​        | I can …​                                                                        | So that …​                                                         |
|----------|----------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `* *`    | power user     | generate reports on the total hours spent by CCA Members for a specified period | I can assess their involvement                                     |
| `* *`    | power user     | add multiple profiles for CCA Members in bulk                                   | I can save time when onboarding new members                        |
| `* *`    | power user     | export attendance data for an event as a CSV file                               | I can use it for further analysis of which events are more popular |

> | `* *`    | long term user | archive/hide unused data                                                        | I can not be distracted by irrelevant data                         |

Reviewer: Do you think it will be better if we change this to:
```suggestion
| `* *`    | long term user | archive/hide unused data                                                        | I will not be distracted by irrelevant data                         |
```

| `* *`    | long term user | create custom templates for events                                              | I can quickly set up recurring activities with predefined details  |
| `* *`    | long term user | create aliases for commands                                                     | I can save time on frequently performed commands                   |

> | `* *`    | beginner user  | access a user-friendly help guide for exporting data in PDF/CSV format          | I can get help to hare the data with other CCA Heads               |

Reviewer: Do you think this will be clearer?
```suggestion
| `* *`    | beginner user  | access a user-friendly help guide for exporting data in PDF/CSV format          | I share the data with other CCA Heads               |
```

Author: I am going to change it as `I can share`
